🎉  Add a basic simulator for simple theorical tests (#2)
GaboFlo/IDNConsensus: README.md

# Intruder Detection & Neutralisation Consensus (IDNC)

Project to apply consensus algorithms to reproduce the defence mechanisms of the immune system.

Using a consensus of cameras we detect a robot intruder (like a cell intruder) and estimate its position, then we send robots towards the estimated position (like antibodies neutralizing the threat). 

> This project is a colaboration between CentraleSupelec french engineering school and US students at the Rogers University.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is a collaboration between CentraleSupélec French engineering school and US students at the Rogers University.
```

Reviewer: Same as #1

Author: Will be fixed there then
